Job Description - NodeJs Developers
About us:
We are Codewits, an outsource product development company, based in Pune, India, offering valuable services to all product development companies and demonstrating diverse innovations across various domains. Here we work on the latest and challenging technologies and domains, and have a generally flat structure where pretty much everyone codes. The founders too are deeply involved in every project guiding the teams and contributing code.
For bold and creative individuals, Codewits Solutions provides limitless growth opportunities. We hire extraordinary talent who continually seek opportunities to tackle challenges. We pride ourselves on an inclusive culture and collaborative spirit. Speaking up and listening to others is not just encouraged, but expected. We thrive together and champion each other's successes, providing our employees with rich experiences to help them develop resiliency and skills, positioning them to grow into future roles
Experience: 4+ years
We are looking for a NodeJS / full stack developer responsible for the development and maintenance of scalable backend applications.
Your primary focus will be the development of NodeJS applications and their integration with frontend services like React Web App. You will be working alongside other engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and the creation of quality products are essential.
? 3+ years of experience in Nodejs
? Handled production systems (on AWS)
? Having a good understanding & hands-On of AWS services like - IAM , Lambda , DynamoDB, ElasticCache, OpenSearch and AppSync
? Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server side logic
? Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code ? Strong proficiency with JavaScript.
? Knowledge of Node.js + Express and frameworks available for it.
? Experienced with NoSQL DB
? Design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and performant applications
? Implementation of security and data protection
